# GTA VI

The next part of the popular game series, *Granny Takes Action VI* (or *GTA 6*), is coming soon. Yoíur task is to create a simple version of the game using the subtasks below.

---

## `Granny` class and helper classes (2 + 8 = 10 points)

Granny faces problems such as loud neighbours or rude youngsters.

- The `ItemType` type defines the kinds of tools she can use.
- The `Granny` class describes the character's properties.

Note: In multiplayer mode, there might be two characters with the same name. Therefore, equality checks and operations must use all the fields.

### Testing the `Granny` class (2 + 3 = 5 points)

- `testGrannyConstructor` should test whether the constructor sets all the fields to the correct values.
- `testGrannyEqualityCheck` is a parameterised test that checks if two `Granny` instances are equal.

---

## Upgrades (3 + 2 + 5 points = 10 points)

During the game, you can get different upgrades that help solve problems more efficiently.

- `PurchaseException` is an exception type that forwards the error message received in its constructor to its parent class.
- The `Purchasable` interface has one method. Any `PurchaseException` thrown should propagate outside the method.
- The `Upgrade` class contains the name of the upgrade, its price, and the level required to buy it.
    - The `isAffordable` method should throw a `PurchaseException` if the given `Granny` does not have a high enough level. In that case, the error message should be `Level not high enough!`. If the level is enough but the money is not, throw a similar exception but with the message `Not enough money!`. If both conditions are met, return true.

### Testing the `Upgrade` class (1 + 3 + 3 = 7 points)

- `testUpgradeConstructor` should test whether the constructor sets all fields to the correct values.
- `testIsAffordableSuccess` is a parameterised test that checks if the method returns the correct result when the `Granny` has the required level and enough money.
- `testIsAffordableFailure` is a parameterised test that checks whether a `PurchaseException` is thrown with the correct error message if the `Granny` does **not** have the required level and/or **not** enough money.

---

## Laboratory (12 points)

Upgrades can be bought in a laboratory. The `Laboratory` class stores the available upgrades and whether they have already been purchased.

- The constructor should initialise the class's only field and fill it with the given upgrades. Initially, all upgrades should be marked as not purchased.
- The `purchaseUpgrade` method takes a `Granny` and an `Upgrade` object as parameters. If the upgrade is not available in the lab or has already been purchased, the method should throw a `PurchaseException` with the message `Upgrade not available!`. Otherwise, use the `Upgrade`'s `isAffordable` method to determine if the purchase can be made. If it can, subtract the required amount from the `Granny` and mark the upgrade as purchased. Otherwise, the method should do nothing further.
- The `hasPurchasableUpgrade` method determines whether there is at least one upgrade that the given `Granny` can buy and has not yet bought. Catch any exceptions that may arise and print their messages to the standard error output.
- The lab's textual representation should contain each upgrade, its type, price, and purchase status, as shown in the following example:
    ```
    Upgrade Speed boost with price: 100.0 - level 5 needed (PURCHASED)
    Upgrade Bingo luck with price: 900.0 - level 10 needed (AVAILABLE)
    Upgrade Secret recipe with price: 2000.0 - level 20 needed (AVAILABLE)
    Upgrade Cheat codes with price: 9999.9 - level 99 needed (AVAILABLE)
    ```

### Testing the `Laboratory` class (2 + 2 + 2 = 6 points)

- `testPurchaseUpgradeSuccess` should test whether the price is subtracted and the upgrade is marked as purchased if the `Granny` has enough level and money.
- `testPurchaseUpgradeFailure` should check that an already purchased upgrade cannot be bought again and that the appropriate exception is thrown with the expected error message.
- `testHasPurchasableUpgrade` should check whether the lab correctly indicates if there is still a purchasable upgrade, considering the `Granny`'s money and level.
